Chapter 1862 - Rank Eight Ant Nest Gu

In the depths of Eastern Sea, Gu tribe headquarters.

Over half a month had passed in the blessed land, the dusty seal was completely unlocked.

There were many Gu Immortals at the scene, Fang Yuan's dragonman clone Wu Shuai, two dragon generals, Gu tribe's leader, as well as several beastman Gu Immortals.

Seeing the seal unlocked, Gu tribe's leader nodded in his mind, he was even more certain of Wu Shuai's identity.

This seal was arranged by Wu Shuai himself and was further strengthened by generations of Gu tribe leaders.

Back then, Wu Shuai had realized he did not have much chance and arranged for a portion of his inheritance to be preserved in Gu tribe headquarters.

Gu tribe's leader looked at Wu Shuai and smiled: "Please."

Wu Shuai waved his hand, a large grey rock rose to the air and was stored by Wu Shuai into his immortal aperture.

Wu Shuai activated his method to dissect the rock. Because of the correct method, the rock was dissected quickly and revealed two Immortal Gu inside.

One was rank eight Immortal Gu Ant Nest which looked like an ordinary inverted bowl, it was brown and had a rough appearance. However, this Immortal Gu was the core Immortal Gu of Green Ant Ascetic. This Gu could breed all kinds of army ants.

Army ant was a species created by Green Ant Ascetic, it was extremely suitable for enslavement path Gu Immortals. In history, the real Wu Shuai's most used method was also army ant.

Naturally, the queen ant of army ants could also breed other ants. But the queen ant could not breed another queen ant, this was a huge disadvantage.

After the dragonman race's extermination, Duke Long had sent the order to remove all the related things and records.

Back then, Green Ant Ascetic had already been enslaved by Dragon Palace and army ant had also become one of the symbols of the dragonman race, thus it was also implicated.

With all these reasons, army ants were like a shooting star, disappearing instantly from history.

Besides ant nest Immortal Gu, there was also an information path Immortal Gu, it was rank seven and was called Letter Seal.

Letter seal Immortal Gu contained a large amount of contents regarding army ants. Besides this, letter seal Immortal Gu had been used to seal ant nest Immortal Gu.

Ant nest Immortal Gu was at rank eight, it was not easy to preserve it as an inheritance. Because for an Immortal Gu's existence, it needed to be fed in time, or else, it would die of hunger.

Wu Shuai used letter seal Immortal Gu to cover ant nest Immortal Gu with a thick layer of rock membrane, creating an Immortal Gu rock. As the price, letter seal Immortal Gu had to be left inside the rock as well.

Gambling den Gu Masters would create some fake rocks for profits, they would put Gu worm inside the rocks then make people open them, increasing the gambling den's reputation.

Wu Shuai's method was similar to it. It was just that he made the false rock not for profit but to preserve ant nest Immortal Gu.

This method was quite effective as ant nest Gu was still alive after so many years.

Naturally, when Fang Yuan's clone Wu Shuai dissected the rock, ant nest Immortal Gu was at an extremely weak and hungry state, letter seal Immortal Gu was also the same.

But it was not serious, Fang Yuan had already prepared the food and given them to Wu Shuai.

Wu Shuai fed the Immortal Gu while walking back with the Gu tribe immortals.

On the way, Wu Shuai thanked: "Your noble tribe kept your word! You preserved my inheritance until now, you are really my dragonman race's most trustworthy friend!"

The current Gu tribe leader laughed: "Lord Wu Shuai, I won't hide it from you, there have been ups and downs. It is not that my tribe's Gu Immortals did not covet your inheritance, but the tribe leader back then set a rule that every Gu tribe leader had to first add a seal to this inheritance when they took the position."

"And we have always kept fate Gu's revelation in mind, so this inheritance was able to be preserved until now."

Gu tribe's leader was frank, making Wu Shuai laugh heartily.

Wu Shuai guaranteed on the spot: "My friendship with your tribe has lasted for a million years, and it shall continue in the future as well! Right now, I am collaborating with Fang Yuan and have already solved the dragonman extermination killer move. This move had once killed me, and exterminated my clan, but from now onwards, it will have no effect."

The eyes of Gu tribe's leader brightened: "This is extremely good news! Dragonmen reign supreme, this is the decree of heaven. Senior, to be honest, I have a favor to ask of you."

Over these days in Gu tribe headquarters, Fang Yuan's clone had enjoyed warm hospitality and they had even taken the initiative to return Wu Shuai's inheritance.

Mutual benefit was the foundation for allies, it was fair for Gu tribe's leader to make some requests right now.

Fang Yuan's clone replied immediately with no hesitation: "Just speak your mind, as long as it is within my abilities, I will help you."

"I want to transform a portion of my tribe's members to dragonmen. Senior, what do you think…" Gu tribe's leader asked with anticipation.

Fang Yuan nodded: "My close friend back then, Gu Liang, who was also your tribe's leader, had this intention as well. At present, since I already have a completely new dragonman lifespan extension method, I can naturally help you."

Gu tribe's leader was joyous: "Many thanks, senior! My tribe has already prepared the raging wave rising dragon fire, please tell us what other immortal materials are needed."

Gu tribe had been hiding in the depths of Eastern Sea and its successive generations had actively searched and gathered raging wave rising dragon fire. Over the million years, and with Eastern Sea being the number one region in resources, the present Gu tribe treasury had a rarely seen reserve of raging wave rising dragon fire.

Fang Yuan's clone gave a few instructions and Gu tribe's leader immediately acted accordingly.

Several days later, immortal materials and candidates arrived before Wu Shuai.

Wu Shuai brought out Dragon Palace, using the dragonman lifespan extension method inside this Immortal Gu House could receive the assistance of Dragon Palace itself.

This batch of Gu tribe members had over ten people. Most were rank five Gu Masters while two were Gu Immortals. Among them, half were elderly with their lifespan nearing the end and with no other lifespan extension methods left, the dragonman lifespan extension method became their only hope. The other half were young adults, the elites of the current Gu tribe.

Several days passed again, with the Dragon Spirit's help and the methods of Fang Yuan's clone, the dragonman lifespan extension method was used. Most of the Gu tribe candidates turned into dragonmen, but a portion were unlucky and lost their lives. After all, the dragonman lifespan extension method still had risks.

Even so, Gu tribe's leader was very happy at this result: "Senior, your modified method has a much higher success rate than the original."

"My race's extermination was the price to obtain this achievement." Fang Yuan's clone heaved a sigh.

Gu tribe's leader immediately consoled: "Senior, I am sorry for your loss."

As he said this, he presented a batch of immortal materials.

For ant nest Immortal Gu to create army ants, immortal essence was only one of the conditions, it still required specific immortal materials. Fang Yuan's clone required these immortal materials. The Gu tribe leader of back then knew this secret and had gathered these materials, the current Gu tribe leader offered them, which showed their sincerity.

Fang Yuan's clone rejected: "I converted your tribe members as thanks, we did not discuss any remuneration."

"Senior, please don't stand on ceremony, this is only a small gift from us." Gu tribe's leader smiled.

But Fang Yuan's clone still persisted: "It has not been easy for you to survive, you are also my dragonman race's most trustworthy and reliable ally. How can I, Wu Shuai, treat my ally like this? Although I don't have the immortal materials, I am already in collaboration with Fang Yuan, I can ask for him to provide the immortal materials."

"Senior, Fang Yuan is a devil of this age, he might only have rank seven cultivation, but even Heavenly Court is unable to handle him. He is sinister and crafty, vicious and malicious, he can do anything as long as there are enough benefits. I hope you are vigilant, senior."

Fang Yuan's clone could not help but laugh in his mind.

Gu tribe's leader was speaking ill of Fang Yuan in front of Fang Yuan, were he to know that Wu Shuai was Fang Yuan's clone, who knew what spectacular expression he would show.

Fang Yuan's clone nodded: "Your words make sense, but Heavenly Court's force is huge, and Fang Yuan is no doubt a huge help that cannot be neglected. Even if I am taking favors from a tiger, as long as it can increase my chance of victory against Heavenly Court and Duke Long, even if slightly, I am willing to take the risk."

Gu tribe's leader nodded and sighed: "Senior, you are right. To be honest, my Gu tribe might be hiding in this corner, but we have made many reliable allies. Eastern Sea's Merman Imperial Court is one of them. My Gu tribe has received a lot of help from them."

"Merman Imperial Court… this is indeed good news!" The gaze of Fang Yuan's clone brightened.

Merman Imperial Court was a super force that had once received support from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. The human race had dominance, Gu tribe was a beastman tribe hiding in the bottom of the sea, it was not strange for them to have a close relationship with mermen.

Gu tribe's leader continued: "Besides this, my tribe has some connections with the other four regions as well. For instance, we have stable trade with Murong tribe in Northern Plains. Some years ago, when Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, I had gone to Northern Plains to participate in Northern Plains' auction, I received warm hospitality from Murong tribe back then."

Wu Shuai thought: "So it was you."

Fang Yuan's main body had also participated in Northern Plains' auction.

This auction was hosted by Qin Bai Sheng.

Back then, Gu tribe's leader had worn a tall hat and large cloak and had an ordinary face, it was clearly a disguise. Right now, Wu Shuai was looking at the real appearance of Gu tribe's leader.

Fang Yuan had converted Gu tribe members to dragonmen, it had clearly deepened their friendship and Gu tribe's leader took the initiative to reveal many secrets.

Gu tribe might have been living in hiding, but over such a long period of time, they had a lot of contact with the outside world and had an extremely firm foundation.

Using Gu tribe as a focal point, he could influence all five regions. Naturally, this influence was limited.

But this limited influence could display a huge effect through Fang Yuan's planning.

"This is good news!" Fang Yuan's main body was quite happy when he received this information.

Right now, he was no longer in Western Desert, but had arrived at Northern Plains.

He rapidly descended, below him was a giant pit.

The pit's entrance was almost circular and spanned hundreds of kilometers, it looked extremely grand.

Fang Yuan looked down and saw a scene of wilderness. There was a thick rainforest, having both yellow and green colors. From time to time, desolate beasts growled, large numbers of featherless birds flew out, their red bodies looked like the historical pterosaurs of Earth.

It was one of the ten great fierce areas of Northern Plains, Crazed Demon Cave!